welcome to our channel here
a recipe on youtube where we bring
for you but very cool recipes
simple recipes
today we are going to make sweet and
rock'n'roll cinema with our side the
Flemish has a little bit and sometimes
we have some trouble
do at home
Today I'll give you all the
secrets so that we can have a
quality non -sugar popcorn
note the ingredients in the cup
of crystal and good sugar tea on the
colored matter or refined sugar
cup of water tea half a cup of tea
of corn oil a cup of tea
corn for training popcorn and grand dye
Emilio's chef shouted for help.
Let's start preparing
the tape using a pan that proves
to make popcorn popcorn that in my
It's better that we're going to do it.
this popcorn because we're going to have
pretty caramel on the bottom of the pan
and if I can not fiddle with so much
ease this will harm our
popcorn in the end so it's cool that I
I'm using a nice pot that's a
bit more expensive we can buy with
Portuguese pme de inox are more
45 and 50 reais reais and we have a
good part too that I 'm going to do here
Oh I'm going to add the video then livid
I put the note to you that
the premium medium because it is the only one that
It's a better story, but it yields more
so that's why we put the
premium
so I put the eye I prefer oil
because corn oil is not going to
leave flavor I do not like to use the bow
Ok soy oil here I am
putting sugar
I'm using refined sugar if
You do not have the dye.
you can use that sugar that
We already buy colorful ones that the market
today it's in the confectionery stores
find various brands of various colors I
I can also use the water that's what goes
do here with the way our stay
well balanced and then I'll go with the
dyed that here we were a
dye which is the dye a large
chef and then I'll put it around
of 2 grams of this dye
so it's a little bit because it 's good
concentrated if indeed we do not
You have the head of the dye and not find
with so much ease I can use
during Engel's preference of you
is in the reference mark
and there we will overcome all this and then we
Let's take this to the fire here at
Truth we have three steps to
begin our stance
It takes a little while when you take
this to the fire about 78 minutes
It's because they know you 're going to
So the first point I'm going to show
you when you boil that you do not
Thalia sometimes we get scared
to fail not thalia second point is
when she on drugs will realize that
this house is going to be much more
the third point is when the oil starts
to return to the surface now that the
corn starts to burst so I go
put a fire
Let's have these three points for you and
then when the prime minister is to pray
When I'm going to try panela and I'm going
start taking it so she caramelize
all the same
so I 'll take it to the fire and back
showing these two points to you
we took the first fire I went
observe that the first point of our
stir-fry
only this has a boil stirring for good
in when I do not need to keep stirring
All the good time is that we arrived at
second point of our popcorn which is where
you realize that you already have a
relation to the first point where I
I realize that my house is already a
slightly thicker and fat is already
more on the surface where people
notice that there is enough foam that
fat that came to super end the
third point is the most important point
that our popcorn started to explore
Then we started to pop our popcorn.
I'll cover the pan and I'll make the
movements so she takes care of the bottom
in it and become totally paralyzed
Good people already know my popcorn.
cooled we put here it's always
Nice to put a big container to
it is spread well by cooling down more
When it cools down, it's time for the
caramelized sugar
then is the time that I check here and O
begin to let her not stay those
blocks
a nice tip that you always see in
internet them cakes made with popcorn
so when I want to make a cake
made with popcorn when i shoot popcorn
South I've put into the form
because that 's where the caramel is hot there
You will press and you will be able to give
format required
so the fifth after it had cooled
I can totally put us
bags to market to and always
remembering that the validity of his popcorn
three days in the pot that stays
medical closed mind
the cost of sun and prescription only
five reais so there is no excuse for
Do not do this delight in your home and
sale price today we work in
about 50 grams of popcorn 2 50 and
you get a super salable product
that people like very much is very
in fashion and one last tip if I want
To Make Chocolate Popcorn Because Child
loves chocolate while I make my
does not add the caramel colorant when
first time that bursting is the time that
I'll go in with 3 tablespoons of
chocolate and then I'll mix and I'll
I'm going to have a chocolate-flavored popcorn.
I hope you liked the tip
sign up here on our channel that we
we have exclusive recipes that unmik
Our book if you liked I hope
You guys the next delighting defect.